Title Page:
Nick Zeitter, The Story

About Me Page:
My name is Nick Zeitter. I currently am a senior at Michigan State University graduating in December with a major in Media and Information with a specialty in Interactive and Social Media with a Minor in IT. I currently live in Lake Odessa, MI on Morrison Lake. I am originally from Grand Rapids, MI where I have grown up until this past year. I am currently searching for a job mainly in a big city such as Chicago, Seattle, or possibly New York. I would stay in Grand Rapids if a good opportunity presented itself.

Sports:
Over the course of my life I have played many different sports. I still enjoy playing them to this day. I enjoy playing baseball, tennis, hockey, golf, and soccer. During high school I played varsity baseball and tennis. I currently still play beer league hockey once a week and club tennis.  I cheer for many different sports teams as well. I cheer for the Detroit Red Wings in hockey, Detroit Tigers for baseball, and Barcelona in soccer.

Interests:
Currently in my free time I enjoy to do a variety of things but the majority of them revolve around the outdoors. Now that I live on a lake I just learned to wakesurf and wakeboard I try to spend as much time as possible on the water doing that as well as tubing with friends. I like to hang with friends camping, going hiking, and having bonfires. Its also nice to lay in the hammock and read a good book all day long relaxing doing nothing.

Travels:
I have traveled out of the country a few times and they have been some of the best times of my life. I went to Cabo San Lucas Mexico for my sisters spring break in 2009 and it had some of the best weather I had ever enjoyed for a week straight. We were able to go snorkeling, deep sea fishing, and explore the town among other things. For my senior spring break in 2012 I went to Negril Jamaica with some of my closest friends. Everyday it was 87 degrees, sunny with a couple clouds in the sky, and a slight breeze everyday for 7 days straight. We were able to go cliff diving, boat ride excursions, and exploring the city areas. By far the most fun thing was cliff diving at Rick’s café at the highest heights.
Contact GitHub API Training Shop Blog About
© 2016 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Security Status Help
